Hi, guys.
Or come nine last lecture.
I told you to create to this region and both regions are going to be displayed horizontally.
That is from left to right.
And one of the test regions is going to say, where do you have an account?
Then the test widget is going to sit there and log in.
Okay.
So if it comes to do it for me, that is absolutely fine.
What I believe as the process goes, it is a masterpiece of how everything works.
Okay, so now what I'm going to do now in this lecture is you're going to create two test fields, both
of which are probably better left to right.
And one is going to say, I already have an account and to have a link to log in.
Okay.
So now let's set both that a little bit horizontally.
And the other display widget is probably going to be using a widget known as row.
Okay.
So this is the end of the bottle we created from scratch right over here.
We see they just give a weight to the bottom that is all white.
The bottom is going to be those of you.
The height which is along the bottom is going to be that we gave a column to the bottom, which is a
column of where that's our bottom column, which is defined in a cost of 35.
Okay.
And over here, we simply just add to the test record.
This is to give a portrait of the plus size of its approach to the catalog figure.
Okay, now what we're going to do is we're going to have a greater cola.
And since we're going to this bit is two how horizontal?
Because it's from left to right.
I believe it will be the right to do that.
So basically all we widget that goes into it is going to be displayed horizontally.
Now this row as well can take multiple pages as speaking.
Okay.
Now, the first test widget is going to save already.
We're going to go to the log in page.
Right.
So this is going to be.
Already.
Have an account.
Okay.
Sorry.
Jehovah.
Right.
Can I go check it out?
Okay.
This is the way they're going to take it to the center of a society that is from left to right.
So to do that over here in Maine, I mean, this alignment, the center is going to take it to the center
horizontally.
Okay, great.
Now, you can see we don't really have space.
So what we can do is we can use this size box to give this space vertically that is sort of at the bottom.
Right.
So this is going to be height of probably change as well.
Okay.
Great.
Now, the next day, we're going to have a contest that's going to log in.
So I'll tell you how critical they're going to have that says, okay, so the because first of all,
I'm just going to say this, I want to do this tie then is going to be tested.
So I'm just going to say the size of it, right?
Then they're going to call tweets of it's for tweets that both of the candidates this is either critical.
So that's a very, very good compromise.
Okay.
Now as all you can just go through this.
Well, this is a big win across all aspects as much as you can on my side.
So that's why I was going to be doing everything from.
I love doing everything and everything as we started the business.
So this is going to sit and log in and it's going to have this tie, really.
Right.
You're going to have this odd size of 18 as well, that influence it forwards, which is going to influence
which and both ideas are critical.
What are the hedges which are necessary?
Now check it out.
You can see we don't really have space between the already have an account on the log in.
So that's where there's two test fields.
I'm going to give it space between those.
Okay.
Now roughly the same size box.
Size was not going to be given the space.
Horizontally, that is from left to right.
Right so it's going to be weight of of the ten gadgetry to.
Okay.
Now, what you're going to do now is to wrap.
Just log in with a button.
So when you go to the street, it's going to take us to the register.
He's going to take us to the log in page.
So what you're going to do now is force feed you or try to implement that yourself.
Okay?
Okay.
If for any reason you can do it, I'm going to do it now.
So what you're going to do is of others, just which is like for us, everybody is going to add dots,
which we get since the user is not available.
I just drove down click or with digits in a little traffic ticket, but it is going to be a kind of
equal.
You can, as we wrap this with the gesture gesture detector, it'll look similar because just will use
an equal because of those recordings we had something last year.
So you can say, well, okay, so we're going to have the on time.
Okay, great.
Well, I was going to add this to say that to get a very good of a lot.
Okay.
Now go check it out.
So it is cricket for now, right?
Okay.
Now what you can do is when does this click is going to trigger this function.
So now going to send the here to years of contest and darts.
Oh.
Well, it's a good idea.
Okay.
There's going to be a lot easier to page round for us.
It is going to take in the contest and it's going to say we want to go to no option or to go to the
login screen.
Okay.
Are you trying to clear this issue?
Now, when we type on it, we don't have an account.
Now, I can click on this to go to the log in.
What if we need an account to get as well?
Click on this.
So go to the register page.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
See you in the next lecture.